Add docker compose (#10409)
apache/pulsar: docker-compose/kitchen-sink/README.MD

    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

-->
# Apache Pulsar Docker Compose

In this folder path, run the following command to start the cluster.

```
docker-compose up
```

This will start individual containers for the following services:

- ZooKeeper (3)
- BookKeeper (3)
- Pulsar (3)
- Proxy (1)
- WebSocket (1)
- Function (1)
- Pulsar Manager (1)
- SQL (1)

## Motivation

Most of what is available with Docker and Apache Pulsar uses the standalone version of Apache Pulsar, which is fantastic. But, users need to take care of all of the complexity of Apache Pulsar.

> This was created to create a Docker implementation that allows each individual part to be exposed to learn how it all fits together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This aims to create a Docker implementation that allows each individual part to be exposed to learn how it all fits together.
```
